Add docs for user permissions (#2128)
vivid-planet/comet: docs/docs/content-scope/evaluate-content-scopes.md

}
```

It's possible to add multiple `@AffectedEntity` decorators to one operation if multiple entities are affected:

```ts
@Query(Product)
@AffectedEntity(Product)
@AffectedEntity(Dealer, { idArg: "dealerId" })
async product(@Args("id", { type: () => ID }) id: string, @Args("dealerId", { type: () => ID }) dealerId: string): Promise<Product> {
    //...
}
```

**@ScopedEntity**

Retrieving the affected entity alone is not sufficient, COMET DXP also needs to know the scope of the entity. The simplest case is when the entity has a field named `scope`. If this is true, this decorator is not necessary.

If the scope is stored in a different field or the entity has a relation to another entity that stores the scope, additional information is required. This is where this decorator comes into play.

Use this decorator at the **entity level** to return the scope of an entity.

```ts
@ScopedEntity(async (product: Product) => {
    return {
        dealer: product.dealer.id,
    };
})
@Entity()
export class Product extends BaseEntity<Product, "id"> {}
```

:::info
You might have to load multiple relations for nested data.
:::

> It's also possible to pass a function which return the Content Scope to the `@ScopedEntity` decorator. This is necessary fo documents that get their scope from a `PageTreeNode`, here you can pass the helper service `PageTreeNodeDocumentEntityScopeService` provided by the library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also possible to pass a function which returns the content scope to the `@ScopedEntity` decorator. This is necessary for documents that get their scope from a `PageTreeNode`. Here you can pass the helper service `PageTreeNodeDocumentEntityScopeService` provided by the library:
```
